Chilling Tales for Dark Knights.
[Music]
Want to make sure you never miss a
Chilling Tales for Dark Knights video
again? Be sure to subscribe and hit that
bell to turn on notifications.
This episode of Horror Hill is brought
to you by Factor. With a schedule like
mine and all these lastminute summer
plans, I don't exactly have the time to
prepare lavish meals. What's a guy like
me have to do to eat smart? Factor.
That's what I get. Tasty, chef prepped,
dietitian approved meals delivered right
to my door. Factor is America's number
one ready to eat meal delivery service.
We all know wellness means eating right,
but who has the time? All the shopping,
all the prep, it's just not compatible
with most people's lifestyles. Factor
has solved this problem in grand style.
You can select from over 65 delicious,
nutritious meals with options for every
lifestyle, and they arrive fresh and
ready to eat. They've got perfect
choices for everyone. GLP-1 friendly
meals and Mediterranean diet options
packed with protein and good for you
fats. They've got calorie smart, protein
plus, keto, and more. Nutritious
breakfasts, quick lunches, premium
dinners, and guilt-free snacks and
desserts. Eat smart at
factormeals.com/horror50
off. And use code horror50 off to get
50% off your first box, plus free
breakfast for 1 year. That's code
horror50 off at factormeals.com for 50%
off your first box, plus free breakfast
for 1 year. Get delicious, ready to eat
meals delivered with Factor. Offer only
valid for new Factor customers with code
and qualifying autorenewing subscription
purchase.
The following program is a production of
Chilling Entertainment and the creative
team at Chilling Tales for Dark Knights
and a proud member of the Simply Scary
Podcast Network. Visit
simplyscarypodcast.com
to learn more about this and our other
weekly storytelling programs and become
a patron today to show your support and
get instant access to our extensive
archive of downloadable tales of terror.
Thank you for listening and enjoy the
show.
[Music]
Disclaimer.
Horror Hill is a horror anthology
podcast bringing you scary stories from
all corners of the internet and beyond.
As such, certain stories include content
that some listeners might find
offensive. In particular, tonight's
episode includes graphic scenes of
depraved sexuality and violence, as well
as violence against children. Listener
discretion is advised.
Hello there listeners and welcome back
to Horror Hill. I'm Eric Peabody, your
beautiful host and narrator. And
tonight's episode features two stories
for you from show regulars NM Brown and
James Flynn. Both celebrating the
wonderful gifts that come with family.
To begin, we have Red on the Rubik's
Cube by NM Brown. In this story, our
narrator is the father of an 11-year-old
boy, Davey. Davey is going through some
of the usual growing pains associated
with leaving childhood, and his father
is doing his best to nurture him while
also preparing him for the cruelties of
the outside world. As Halloween nears,
and Davey prepares for his last year of
trick-or-treating, he tells his parents
of a strange animal that's been watching
him when he's outside. Of course,
children are always imagining weird
creatures, right?
Then we'll be reading The Colony by
James Flynn. I'm going to leave the
synopsis vague for this one, and I'll
only mention that it involves a delivery
driver that takes a very unfortunate
detour. Listeners, you know that I
include content warnings at the
beginning of these episodes since the
last thing I want is for someone that's
trying to enjoy some fictional horror to
suddenly be thrust into the memory of a
real personal horror that they have
endured. I can say with some degree of
certainty that this story features
situations that you find people have
almost certainly never encountered. But
still, I'll stress again that this story
goes hard.
Now, before we jump in, I want to ask
your help with something. About a year
ago, things got a little tight with
funds in the Chilling Tales camp,
largely due to lower ad revenue. We put
the word out and you all stepped up to
keep things running. Unfortunately, ad
revenue is down and production costs are
up again. And we're asking for donations
to keep the lights on while we weather
this most recent storm. If you can head
to helpchilling.org
and donate what you're able to, or you
can become a patron at
chillingtalesforknights.com
and get adfree shows. In any case, all
of us here appreciate whatever
assistance you can provide.
Now, enough of that. On to the show.
You're listening to the free edition of
this program. If you'd like to help
support Horror Hill and also remove
these pesky ads, head to chillingtales
for darknights.com and click patrons in
the upper menu to sign up today. You'll
get instant access to hundreds of adfree
stories. So, what are you waiting for?
Also, if you're watching on YouTube, do
us a favor and drop a like and
subscribe. Become part of our dark
circle listeners.
And now from author NM Brown, I give you
Red on the Rubik's Cube.
You know, I thought we were off the hook
this year. I really did. We've always
tried to make the holidays extra special
for our son, Davey. However, he was 11
this year and in my opinion, too old for
going door todo in costume. If I had
asked my dad to go out at that age, I'd
have gotten a drunken laugh and a
bruised arm as he led me back into my
room with it. We always try to be better
than our parents, though, right? It
didn't help matters that our son chose
this stage of life to let his
imagination run rampant. Most children
outrow things like the boogeyman and
imaginary friends long before age 11.
But not our Davey. For him, it was
apparently all just getting started. It
was difficult for me to understand at
times, but I can't say I didn't envy him
at other times. The family I was born
into forced kids, boys especially, to
grow up faster than was necessary. I
suppose at the end of the day, I was
happier with it being this way. That
still didn't bring me much solace about
trick-or-treating, though. Here it was
still weeks away from Halloween, and
Davey demanded to be a Rubik's cube. My
wife Val was as crafty as the next
mother was, but whether or not she had
time to prove it was a different story.
Nevertheless, I began looking for large
cardboard boxes and colored construction
paper booklets. I'd even gone as far as
to wonder if I should get some high
gloss clear paint to paint over the
color pages for authenticity. Deciding
against it in the end, I took the
supplies home. Feeling like I'd done a
good thing for my child. I placed
everything S's box on the corner of the
table where it sat and sat.
In our defense, we were severely
sleepdeprived. Val and I's time in the
evenings is precious to me. The times
after dinner when we smoked, laughed,
tugged, and talked about our days were
often the only things that kept a smile
on my face throughout the workday. And
Davey was [__] that up. We had a
routine down and a good one, too. I'd
get home from work and Val and I would
usually make dinner together. We'd
gather around the table to talk to our
son and eat, then send Davey outside to
play so we could have some time to
ourselves. We'd call him in when it was
dark out, have a wash, unwind, and go to
bed, rinse and repeat. The timing of it
was absolutely perfect until it wasn't.
Davey had been coming in crying, all
upset about some creature he'd seen
outside in the woods. While we did live
in a heavily wooded area, the animal he
described to me didn't sound like
anything I'd ever heard of before. The
amalgamation of features coupled with
the bipeedal way it functioned convinced
Val and me that this was something made
up in the boy's mind. Maybe a product of
watching television too late at night or
a terrifying tall tale told on the
school bus by much older boys. He
described thick red vein tissue and
paddles for hands. There was one eye on
the top of its head and one off to the
side down low and other nonsensical
things only a child can come up with. I
know my earlier statement about my son
[__] things up seems cold or harsh,
and I apologize for that. But you've got
to understand that I put up with it for
a long time before I hardened myself to
a child's fears this way. We both did.
If I had a quarter for every damn time
Val looked at me with pouting eyes as he
whed, silently urging me to check it out
for our only child's peace of mind. And
every time my back would groan as I
grabbed my jeans off the floor to put
back on and placed my aching ankles back
into my work boots before following him
out to the woods, the land that the
creature called home. And every damn
time Davey's face fell with
disappointment as if responding to an
accusation unuttered into existence.
Because every time was the same. Nothing
would be there. a leaf speckled
labyrinth of tree branches was the only
thing to see for what seemed like miles.
The first time I believed him when he
suggested that maybe the noise of our
feet had scared it off. Maybe it didn't
like adults, he had said. But by the
fifth time, I was plain [__] done
with it. He would slam our door open so
many times in the middle of our evening
sessions. They weren't sexual, but in
many ways, they were the times I held
most intimate to my soul. It would
happen so many times that we would give
up, only resuming long past when he was
asleep in bed and we were supposed to
be. So, yeah, we were tired and things
got left behind. We tried to suggest
that he stay inside entirely if he was
so frightened, and he cried. so we would
encourage him to go out and play, hoping
that that day would be the one where
this phase had finally passed. And he
cried. We were running out of options,
so out of nothing but desperation, I
tried to handle it like my old man would
have with me. Val made his favorite
meal, and as fate would have it, he had
an especially good day at school that
day. So, I took advantage and took a
chance. Hey, uh, you planning on going
outside today, kiddo?" I asked
tentatively, leaving food in my mouth to
make the question appear more casual
than it was. He nodded, fear creeping
into the edges of his eyes as he pushed
pieces of corn around on his plate.
"Davey! Hey, it's okay. I'm here, and I
think it's time we all talk about what's
bothering you now. This monster you call
it, does he try to hurt you?" He nodded,
his facial features scrunching up in
confusion as he did. He said he's never
thrown anything at him. But he chases
and tries to grab him.
Well, that certainly does sound scary,
sweet boy. Have you tried talking to
him? Some creatures, like bears, for
example, will get scared if you puff up
really big and yell really loud. He
winced at this, stating that if
anything, it's the opposite. The monster
roars at him in a voice that he can't
compare to anything he's ever heard
before. If he had to guess, he said it
would be a cross between a hyena's
cackle and a loon.
Well, I'll tell you what, bud. I paused
gently placing my hand on his shoulder.
You are our son and you are loved. You
don't have to be afraid of anything, but
if you have trouble remembering that,
there are ways you can protect yourself.
Val cleared her throat to get my
attention, but I shrugged it off. I
figured he would rather feel empowered
than scared. And with our boy's
temperament, I knew he wouldn't take
advantage of what he learned to be mean
to other kids. It's just like the tale
in the Bible about David and Goliath, or
about the knight in the dragon books you
loved when you were younger. You've
always loved knights. Now, are you going
to live in fear of the dragon, or are
you going to go out there and slay it? I
of course meant slay as in defeat and/or
stand up to his personal fears. I
thought it was obvious when I said it.
He nodded excitedly, and Val gave a
tight smile despite her disapproval.
Two evenings later, we were back to our
evening routine without incident. We all
seemed better rested, more productive,
and in better moods. We tackled the
Rubik's cube as a family with Davey
gathering the colored pieces into their
own piles, me taping the inside layers
together, and Val gluing them to the
sides of the box. The colors of sunset
had begun to bleed into the sky. But
when he asked us in a voice that would
soon deepen due to age if he could go
out and play, his mother told him yes.
He shuffled into his bedroom for a few
minutes before we heard the slam of the
screen door close behind him. So, I gave
my wife's ass a squeeze, winking at her
before dashing up the stairs like the
teenager she still made me feel like
inside. She followed behind soon after,
and before we knew it, we were giggling
into a pint of potato chip sprinkled Ben
and Jerry's while trying to find
something on TV. Her laughter made the
time fly by, and it was longer than I'd
like to admit before we acknowledged the
silence in the house, indicating that
Davey was still outside.
I tried to remain calm. However, Val had
flown past me and was already taking the
stairs two at a time. Her voice trailed
softer and softer, and she ranted about
how he'd never been late before, and
that he knew he was supposed to come in
as soon as it was dark outside. The
screen door slammed shut just as I
reached the last step with nothing but a
breathless gasp to prepare me for what I
was about to see. Our son stood in the
kitchen entryway, his red speckled teeth
stretched in a smile of triumph that was
unnaturally wide. His shirt, pants, and
shoes were dotted with blood. The scent
of copper consumed me as I rushed to
him, assuming he had deeply injured
himself.
Oh my god, Dad. You should have seen it.
My voice trembled as I asked. Seen what?
David, are you okay? Oh yeah, I'm fine,
guys. I did it though. I finally did it.
Let me take a moment here to say that
the very worst I imagined had happened
was that he had killed an animal. maybe
a large cat, dog, god forbid, raccoon,
or something else. So, when he said he
had defeated the monster, that was the
very worst place that my mind went.
Val flirted with conclusions that were
much more vivid. She asked me privately
if there was a possibility that he might
have really seen a monster out there.
Then, just as I was about to even hint
at taking her seriously, she referenced
the new movie about the father and
daughter who killed the unicorn. If I
were a teenage girl, I'd roll my eyes.
Sadly, the fact was that blood came from
somewhere, from some.
Ultimately, we decided to tell him to
get a bath and get ready for bed. Val
made me promise to go out to the woods
in the morning to see if I could figure
out what it was he had injured or most
likely killed. We cleaned him up with
Val throwing his clothes in the washer
immediately and me trying to scrub blood
and bits of gore off our kitchen floor.
[__] kids.
It was later on things had settled. I
had turned the TV back on while Val
fussed over Davey in his bedroom,
getting his clothes ready for the next
day and tucking him in in a way that
respected his pre-teen years. It took me
a few moments to realize that the
knocking I was hearing wasn't from the
show I was watching, but from our own
front door. [__] I thought to myself,
knowing I'd have to get redressed for
the second or third time really that
day. After taking care of that, I yelled
to my wife that I'd answer the door, and
I descended the steps. A pale-faced man
loomed on my doorstep, followed by a
wiry woman with red rimmed eyes. Their
son had snuck out of the house earlier
and hadn't come home that night. Their
overall tone didn't seem to match the
situation at all. I mean, Val and I had
experienced the same thing earlier,
albeit to a lesser degree. While the
man's face seemed grim, the woman was
becoming downright hysterical.
I told her that I hadn't seen any other
children around besides my own, and that
I was under the impression that there
were no other kids around where they
lived. I was happy to be proven wrong.
My mind began to race with possibilities
of sending Davey off to playdates and
even better, sleepovers. When the
mother's shrill voice rang out, she said
that we didn't understand, pleading with
me to give her answers I thought I
didn't have. The woman continued, saying
that her son was disabled and had taken
a liking to being outdoors for the first
time in years. He was homeschooled and
they tried to keep him inside and in
their yard only, close to where they
could see and monitor him. Val put a
sympathetic hand on her arm, asking what
her little boy looked like in hopes of
helping canvas the area, which prompted
the mother to break out in fresh tears.
The man next to her, presumably the
kid's father, pulled a picture out of
his pocket, hesitating before handing it
to us. His tone became even more solemn
when he explained that the child was a
victim of a vicious animal attack as a
toddler and had to endure countless
reconstructive surgeries. His voice
quavered as he explained that they
weren't able to save his ears or tongue.
Mentally, he's all the same as any other
growing child, but his physical
disabilities were vast, and other
children were always put off by his
appearance.
Val asked if they wanted to stay with us
while we called the police, but they
declined, saying that they were going to
go look a little more first. They
promised to let us know if they heard
anything, and we promised to do the
same.
I hadn't realized Val was still holding
the child's picture until they had long
left the driveway. And it was that exact
moment that Davey decided to come
downstairs to see what all the commotion
was. We told him not to worry about it
and tried to send him back to bed, but
he leaned in to hug his mother and
froze, his eyes trained on the picture.
And then he murmured two words that
would change our lives forever. He
pointed to the picture and with a gasp
said, "The monster."
This episode of Horror Hill is brought
to you by Factor. We all know how
important eating right is to our health,
but seriously, who has the time to
prepare healthy home-cooked meals? three
of them a day. What do you think I am?
Some kind of machine? I'm trying to run
a business here. But to Factor,
preparing healthy meals is their
business. With Factor, you can enjoy
three healthy, delicious meals a day
without any of the time or trouble.
Their chef crafted, dietitian approved
meals arrive fresh and ready to enjoy.
Nutritious breakfasts, quick lunches,
premium dinners, and guilt-free snacks
and desserts. All ready to eat in just 2
minutes. You know what that means, don't
you? Wellness is back on the menu.
Health aside, let me tell you how great
Factor Meals are. First of all, this is
gourmet stuff. We're not talking TV
dinners here. They've got a huge
selection of weekly meal options,
including premium seafood choices like
salmon and shrimp at no extra cost. How
about this one? Filetamean yawn with
truffle butter over leak and potato mash
with a side of rosemary carrots. Getting
hungry yet? Keep in mind too that
they've got selections for every
lifestyle. Options like Mediterranean,
calorie smart, protein plus, keto,
vegan, and more. Whatever you're into,
Factor meals make healthy eating a snap.
I use Factor myself, and I hope you'll
give it a try, too. If you've got
wellness goals like I do, take it from
me. factor is a no-brainer. No brains,
no cooking, no scrubbing pots and pans,
none of that. Just healthy, delicious
meals delivered right to your door. From
more choices to better nutrition, 97% of
customers say Factor helped them live a
healthier life, and I'm one of them. Eat
smart at factormeals.com/horror50
off and use code horror 50 off to get
50% off your first box, plus free
breakfast for 1 year. That's code
horror50 off at factormeals.com
for 50% off your first box plus free
breakfast for one year. Get delicious
ready to eat meals delivered with factor
offer only valid for new factor
customers with code and qualifying
autorenewing subscription purchase.
You've been listening to red on the
Rubik's Cube by NM Brown. NM Brown is a
proud Minnesota resident who uses
inspiration to create dark tales
everywhere she can. She has been
featured in over 42 anthologies since
2019 and has her very own book release
called The Origins of Delusion, which
you can buy pretty much anywhere.
[Music]
Finally, here's The Colony by James
Flynn.
Keith cursed himself as he pulled into
the car park of the transport depot. He
was late and he hated himself for it. It
had taken longer than expected to
prepare his packed lunch and for some
reason there had been more traffic than
usual during his commute. Now he was
late for his night shift and he searched
for a parking space frantically. Tonight
was a bad night for Keith to be late.
This was the final shift of his trial
period. As an agency driver, it was
Keith's intention to get a full-time job
at Foodar. But in order to qualify, he
had to get through the mandatory 12week
trial period with good attendance and no
major incidents. He hadn't done badly so
far. Most of his deliveries had been on
time over the last few weeks, and he
hadn't caused any damage to the lorries.
But it was now the last shift of the
trial period, and he was late. After
parking his car, Keith put on a high viz
vest and ran towards the entrance gates
of the complex. Inside the depot,
fluorescent coated workers whizzed
around on forklifts of various designs,
picking up shrink wrapped pallets.
Sticking to the designated walkways,
Keith made his way towards a gray hut in
the far corner which served as the
transport office. By the time he clocked
in, he was 9 minutes late. 9 minutes
wasn't enough for him to get told off or
sent home, but it was enough for Rege,
the transport manager, to give him a
frosty look as he handed him his
paperwork and keys. Keith looked at the
delivery sheet. Padto, delivery time,
2:30 a.m. Keys in hand, Keith walked out
to the yard to search for his unit.
Thankfully, it wasn't blocked in by any
other vehicles, and so he jumped
straight in and started his checks. It
was a routine he knew very well. Taco
card in the tachometer. Log into the
microlles. Flick through the dashboard
computer to check the oil, water, and
coolant. Then climb back out and check
the tires and headlights. Checks
complete. Keith fired up the engine and
drove around the yard in search of his
trailer. 15 minutes later, he was
coupled up to a huge trailer loaded with
tons of food and drink, ready to depart.
It was only after he had pulled up at
the exit security barrier that Keith
realized he had made his second mistake
of the night. "This is the wrong
trailer," frowned the security guard,
looking up from the paperwork towards a
number displayed on the side of the
trailer. Keith's heart sank. "What? This
trailer is 3345.
You're supposed to have 3346."
Keith glanced up at the number. "Oh,
[__] This had never happened to him
before. He always doublech checkck
trailer numbers. So why tonight of all
nights was this happening to him. You
prick. You stupid prick. Back around the
yard he went, following the one-way
system, parking the incorrect trailer
and then searching for the correct one.
It took another 15 minutes for him to
couple up to the right trailer and carry
out the necessary checks. And he glanced
at the dashboard clock as he got back
into his cab. I can't be late for this
delivery. I just can't. As long as Keith
got to Padto on time, everything would
be okay. But if he was late, Rege would
log into the system and scrutinize every
step of his journey and then discover
that he had made a mistake with his
trailer. The last day of my trial
period. Sweat poured from Keith's brow
as he drove out of the depot, and his
foot was heavy on the pedal.
Padto was a rural town accessible by a
series of narrow country lanes. Keith
cruised along one of these lanes,
driving a little bit faster than he
should have been, trying to make up for
lost time. There wasn't that much
further to go, less than 10 mi, and
Keith reckoned he would get to the
delivery point around 20 minutes late.
Not ideal, but not a total disaster.
That's what Keith told himself until he
reached the tea junction. Keith had
delivered to Padstone many times, and so
he knew that he had to turn right at the
Tjunction. This didn't seem possible
tonight, though, because the turning was
blocked by a rectangular sign which
read, "Road closed."
Oh, [__] hell. What now? Road
closures were always nerve-wracking if
you were driving a 44 ton lorry. Even
more so if you were in a rural area with
tiny country lanes. The list of
potential dangers was endless. Dead
ends, width restrictions, low bridges,
and so on. There was no traffic behind
him, so he was able to pull over just
before the Tjunction in order to think
about what he was going to do. The last
thing he wanted was to speak to Rege,
but it was unavoidable. In situations
like this one, it was always best to get
clearance from the transport office.
Leaning over to the microlles, Keith put
a call through. Reg's voice boomed from
the door speakers. Hello, Keith. Reg,
I'm on the outskirts of Padto Stow and
there's a road closure. A short pause as
Rege traced his location on the system.
Then at the Tjunction, right? Yeah, but
I can't turn right. Reg.
Is there a diversion in place? No, just
a road closure sign. I don't suppose you
can turn around? Afraid not. What do you
want me to do? What do you want me to
do? Always pass the buck. Always avoid
liability.
Turn left. It's all you can do.
According to the map, you'll rejoin the
Oxus road a few miles down. Clearance
gained, Keith ended the call and turned
left at the Tjunction.
The road was unlit and flanked by tall
trees on either side. As Keith drove
tentatively on, peering through the
windscreen at the unfamiliar territory,
his headlights created a green
tunnel-like effect. The road seemed to
get narrower a few miles down, and the
Lorie's wing mirrors began to scrape
against overhanging tree branches. "I
shouldn't be driving down here," Keith
mumbled, gripping the steering wheel
with white knuckles. He had gained
clearance from the transport office,
though, and that provided him with a
degree of comfort as he rolled along,
taking each section of the road at a
time.
What's that? Keith hit the brakes. At
first, he thought it was a speed bump,
but Keith had never seen a speed bump
like this before. The color was wrong.
It had a pale peachy hue, almost like
flash.
Drawing to a halt, Keith engaged the
parking brake and sat stationary for a
while, squinting at the obstruction up
ahead. Is that not quite believing what
he was seeing, Keith switched off the
engine and climbed out of the cab.
Taking slow steps illuminated by the
Lorie's headlights, Keith approached
what appeared to be a long tangle of
bodies. It stretched from one side of
the road to the other, naked limbs woven
together into a thick rope. The rope
moved. Keith wailed, then jumped back.
The people at his feet were alive, and
they moaned and writhed against each
other. There were about 20 of them, all
female, interlocked to form a chain
link. legs curled around heads, arms
wrapped around torsos, and breasts
squeezed against buttocks to form a
thick flesh cord along the tarmac. The
sheer sight of it reduced Keith to a
state of idle stupifaction.
Thud Keith felt a sharp pain on the back
of his head, and he keeled over. Hands
then seized him, many hands all over his
body, and a huge weight pinned him down
to the ground.
What? What is this? Under the dazzling
glare of the Lorie's headlights, Keith's
wrists were bound with some kind of
cord, and more people appeared.
Who are you? What do you want? None of
the women replied. They simply went
about their business in a prefuncter
manner, displaying neither anger nor
joy. A creaking sound rose from
somewhere, and Keith guessed that his
trailer doors had been opened.
A robbery? Of course it's a robbery.
Lying there on the tarmac, wrists tied,
Keith suspected now that the road
closure may have been a ploy. He felt
foolish as well as scared. The long
white headlight beams began to shake and
sway as figures climbed into the back of
the trailer, looting the food and drink.
Keith was still pinned firmly to the
ground, but he could see that another
human chain had formed near the back of
the vehicle, and boxes were being passed
from one person to another. This second
chain led towards the foliage by the
side of the road, where a line of naked,
disheveled women disappeared into the
darkness.
Keith didn't bother putting up a fight.
He was vastly outnumbered, and he didn't
get paid enough to risk his life. His
plan was to lie there passively, let
them do their thing, and then hopefully
they would let him go.
Hope is often tenuous, however. Keith
felt himself being lifted into the air,
and then he was passed along the sweaty
backs and shoulders of another line of
women, joining the flow of looted food
stuff. The lororry receded into the
distance, and he bobbed above the
failanks of naked females, passed along
with the endless supply of tinned beans,
instant noodles, and jars of marmalade.
There were more of them than Keith had
realized. Passed from hand to hand,
sliding along like an item on a conveyor
belt, Keith could see that the line of
women stretched deep into the shrub land
which flanked the road. A fresh sliver
of fear rattled Keith's core. This was
no ordinary robbery.
Keith heard the river before he saw it.
For a horrible moment, he wondered
whether his capttors were planning on
throwing him into the water, but that
wasn't the case. They carried him to
what looked like a rope bridge, a large
sagging structure cast in blue light
from the moon. There was a long drop
from the bridge to the water down below,
and Keith had no control over his
movements whatsoever. He shrieked as he
was carried over the flimsy bridge and
hardly dared to peer over the edge. An
odd noise caught his ear halfway along,
however, a chorus of weak, muffled
groans, and glancing down at the rope
bridge, he discovered that it wasn't a
rope bridge at all.
No, it can't be. The bridge was
comprised of yet more interwoven bodies,
a huge marriage of flesh spanning from
one side of the ravine to the other.
Cords of biological rope. Countless
torsos and dislocated limbs formed the
deck of the bridge, and the side rails
were a lattis work of outstretched arms.
Whales and moans echoed through the air
every time his captors took another step
across the deck, their footsteps
crushing rib cages and teeth. "A body
bridge," thought Keith. Something about
it reminded him of a National Geographic
documentary he once watched, but his
mind was too scrambled and stirred to
remember what it was. Over the body
bridge they went, flesh on flesh, skin
on skin, one trail of bodies over
another, until they made it to the other
side. The next obstruction came in the
form of a barbed wire security fence. A
dark blot ran up the side of the fence
and over the top of it. Against his
better judgment, Keith presumed that
someone had thrown a roll of carpet over
the fence, but of course, that wasn't
the case. It was a human ladder, another
flesh and blood utility. And one by one,
the naked female looters climbed up the
ladder, passing various food packages
along as they went. When it was Keith's
turn, the many hands pushed him up the
fence to the barbed wire summit, where
mangled, dripping carcasses were stuck
in the barbs. Blood dripped from open
wounds, flaps of skin dangled from razor
sharp shards of steel, and clumps of
hair protruded from chain links. On the
other side of the fence, some of the
sacrificial bodies were upside down,
held in place by the barbs inshed in
their bosoms and thighs. For an
uncomfortable few seconds, Keith's body
was also turned upside down as he passed
over the summit of the fence, but his
fall was cushioned by the carpet of
hands down at ground level.
A factory. The security fence had been
put in place to protect a large factory,
but the building now looked derelictked
to Keith. Rusty pipes and mosscovered
windows formed its exterior, and the
entrance doors were half obscured by
long grass. Keith didn't like the look
of the place one little bit.
Put me down. I've had enough. Just let
me go. Let me go and I'll be on my way.
It was unclear whether any of his female
capttors could even hear him, let alone
understand him. They seemed to be able
to communicate and cooperate with each
other efficiently using a range of
grunts and sniffs, but Keith hadn't
heard any of them using plain language.
His protests were ignored, and they
carried him down a grass slope towards
the looming factory in the distance,
passing him along with a flow of yogurt,
apples, and cans of spam.
The factory may have been officially
closed, but its interior bustled with
activity. Scores of scarred, haggarded
women scured to and fro under candle
light and torch light, lifting things,
moving things, sniffing things, and
rearranging things. Each and every one
of them was covered in a thick patina of
grime and sweat, and their body language
was mechanical. The stolen cargo from
Keith's trailer littered the main floor
of the factory. Plastic packaging and
cardboard boxes stretching as far as the
eye could see. All of it was frantically
processed, shifted around from one place
to another.
Keith finally broke away from the food
trail, his now bruised body joining a
different circuit. Nobody seemed to be
in charge, but he was deafly steered
towards a small room in the corner and
then dumped unceremoniously on the
floor. His captors then left and slammed
the door shut behind them. hands still
bound with cord, Keith looked around at
his makeshift cell. Pieces of rusting
industrial machinery were scattered
around the room, and streaks of grime
covered the tiled walls and floor. He
considered dragging himself up to his
feet to see if the door was unlocked,
but it seemed futile. Instead, he curled
up into a ball and rubbed his sore,
aching wrists. With resignation, he
thought, "I'm definitely not going to
get to Padto on time."
When the door eventually burst open
again, Keith was unsure of how much time
had passed. He was still in the same
position, curled, fetus-like on the cold
floor, aching and now slightly hungry. A
cluster of naked workers stormed in,
some bipeedal, some quadripedal, and
they grabbed him under the armpits and
hoisted him high up into the air.
"Enough's enough," groaned Keith as they
carried him out onto the factory floor.
"You're going to get in serious trouble
for this. Just let me go and I won't say
anything. I'll tell the police I didn't
see your faces."
His words fell on deaf ears. The women
carried him through the heart of the
factory amidst the incessant hustle and
bustle that was taking place. The
factory boasted many different sections,
and as Keith was pushed and carried
along the various corridors and
walkways, he peered into the rooms he
passed. Some of the rooms were filled
with stacked fruit, presumably picked
from the nearby woodlands, whereas other
rooms contained raw materials like wood
and steel.
One section of the factory that really
caught his attention, though, was a
medium-sized chamber that looked cleaner
and more sanitary than the others. The
space was filled with mattresses and
blankets arranged neatly side by side.
And unless Keith was mistaken,
"Babies!"
Screaming, babies and toddlers rolled
around on the mattresses, crying out for
attention. Female workers attended to
them, scrambling around to their aid,
cleaning them, and what the hell is she
doing? One particular woman held a baby
in her arms, cradling it against her
scratched, grimy bosom, tilting her
head, she then stuck two fingers down
her throat, triggering a gag reflex. A
wave of vomit then splashed over the
baby's face and into its mouth, which it
greedily lapped up, feasting on the
regurgitated meal. The entire spectacle
took place over the course of just a few
seconds, and as Keith was carried away,
he was once again reminded of certain
nature documentaries he had watched over
the years. What animal does that? Birds
do it, but what else?
Deep in the bowels of the factory, the
foot traffic thinned out. The hectic den
was replaced by a mellow calm, and Keith
was carried under an archway into a tall
chamber. There was a raised section at
the rear of the chamber, almost like a
stage, and three huge mounds were
visible upon it. These mounds, pale and
pasty in the candle light, were
surrounded by piles of food and drink.
As Keith was lowered before these
mounds, his initial presumption was that
they were piles of sand or rice, but
then to his astonishment.
One of the mounds began to speak.
I hope he has good chains.
Keith blinked, then squinted up towards
the source of the noise. The three
mounds were actually women, obese to the
point of disfigurement. Their faces were
barely visible over the domes of their
overinflated bellies, every square inch
of which was smeared with breadcrumbs
and blobs of sauce. A handful of workers
fossed over them, spoon feeding them jam
and peanut butter, while others dabbed
their wobbly limbs with wet sponges.
Strip him down and get him up here. It
was the center queen who spoke, and
there was an authority to her tone that
unsettled Keith. Several hands
immediately went to work on Keith and
his clothes and restraints were taken
off. He was then forcefully pushed
towards the center queen's open legs.
I'm not sure about this, Keith
stammered. I've actually got a
girlfriend. The center queen swallowed a
mouthful of food, then burped. Get him
in me. The hands were on him again,
coaxing him towards the queen's quim.
I'm sorry, gasped Keith, his [__] soft
and flaccid. I've never been much of an
exhibitionist.
[__] me, growled the queen. Inseminate
us now.
Keith took note of the plural.
Inseminate us now. Glancing over at the
other two queens, he could see that they
were repositioning themselves upon their
beds of marmalade and chocolate, waiting
for their turn.
Escape crossed Keith's mind, the
possibility of fighting his way out of
the room, but the idea was fleeting.
Instead, he adopted a stoical manner and
dealt with the situation as best he
could,
knackered and spent.
That's how Keith felt as he was carried
out of the queen's nest upon the
shoulders of the loyal workers. They
carried him back through the maze of the
factory, back into the frenetic activity
alongside the hundreds of busy bodies
rushing to and fro. Glazed eyed women
with knotted hair attended to damaged
brick work. Others stockpiled uneaten
food in various nooks and crannies, and
others still carried litter and debris
to designated areas, keeping the
pathways clear. Keith noticed several
more nurseries as he was carried along.
Play pens filled with the offspring of
unseen males.
Where are all the males? This thought
snapped Keith out of his subdued state.
Hey, where are we going? What are you
going to do with me? He didn't expect a
reply, and he didn't get one either. His
capttors simply continued marching on
through the underground tunnels and
corridors, holding him up with their
sineuy arms.
What's that smell? Reaching another
section of the factory, a pungent smell
hit Keith's nostrils, a smell strong
enough to make him gag. They emerged
from the network of corridors and
entered a large yard with a battered
corrugated roof. And it was then that
Keith saw the source of the odor.
Huge towers of excrement filled the
yard. Thousands of human turds stacked
in tall piles separated by concrete
partitions. The yard looked as though it
may have been used to store sand or
gravel back in the day, but it had now
been converted into a refuge chamber. It
was a neat refuge chamber, though, and
the many stools were arranged in an
orderly fashion, every piece of feal
matter having been placed in one of the
brown columns with apparent care and
attention.
The flies, however, could not be
contained in the same manner. Thick
clouds of blue bottles circled the turd
mountains, drawn by the thick aroma that
hung in the air. The insects feasted on
the buried nutrients, laid their eggs in
the tender soil, and buzzed around as
though they were in their element.
For a horrible moment, Keith wondered
whether his capttors planned to dump him
somewhere in the refuge chamber, but
they passed through without stopping.
When they arrived at their destination,
Keith regretted not having been dumped
in the refuge chamber.
They were now in a windowless room
filled with carcasses.
The first thing that Keith noticed was
that the carcasses had been neatly
arranged, rather like the excrement in
the refuge chamber. The second thing he
noticed was that the carcasses were all
male.
Well, that answers that question.
Flies were present in this room, too, as
were rats. As Keith's captors stood
around him, he noticed a large rat in
the corner chewing on a dead man's lips.
"So, you're going to kill me? Is that
it? You've got what you wanted for me,
and now you're going to get rid of me?"
One of the women walked off towards a
pile of bodies, retrieved a large knife,
and then returned,
kneeling on the ground before them.
Keith began to tremble.
Look, why? Why are you doing this? You
don't have to kill me. Why do you take
orders from those fat, greedy slobs? Are
they paying you? I've got money, too.
I'll pay you more.
Keith's pleas were met with blank,
apathetic stares. "Why is this
happening?" sobbed Keith. "I was just
trying to do a delivery." The knife came
closer, then rested against the tender
flesh of his neck. "Oh, go on then. Do
it. Kill me. Do me a favor. Who really
wants to be a Lori driver anyway?"
The mind spews up surprising things when
someone's about to die. As the knife
wielder took another step closer,
preparing to make the lethal swipe,
Keith found himself wondering what would
become of his offspring. He had
ejaculated into all three queens. Three
babies or three sets of twins or three
sets of triplets or three sets of Keith
pushed the thought away. It was too grim
to contemplate, too horrid to bear. He
now welcomed the knife. One of the
captors grabbed hold of his hair and
pulled his head back. Go on then. Give
me death. Sweet death. Glorious
oblivion.
Keith felt a sharp pain on his Adam's
apple as the edge of the blade
penetrated his skin. But then
a roar. A mighty roar that shook the
walls. A chorus of shouts, yells, and
cries echoed through the factory. It was
loud enough to cause Keith's captors to
turn and run out of the room, and he was
left there on his own, completely
unshackled.
Peering out through the door frame,
Keith could see a mighty ruckus taking
place outside, a riot of fists and
weaponry, a nest invasion.
Keith was no genius, but he recognized
an opportunity when he saw one.
Scarpering from the room, he joined the
carnage outside with the intention of
finding his way out of the factory. The
invading army, like the defending army,
appeared to be entirely female. They
possessed a different level of ferocity,
however, and attacked the natives
mercilessly. Nails sliced through skin,
bricks landed on heads, steel pipes
shattered rib cages, and ragged pieces
of industrial machinery were thrust into
jugulars.
Keith wondered whether he was going to
make it out in one piece, but to his
surprise, he was mostly ignored as he
edged his way through the waring crowds.
Elbowing his way along, stepping over
the wounded, he sensed that he was
invisible to the invading female
soldiers. He didn't know whether it was
his scent or his appearance, but he
seemed to possess some kind of
invisibility.
I've always been invisible to females.
Maybe it's a good thing after all.
Every square inch of the nest was under
attack. As Keith navigated his way back
to the main entrance hall, he saw food
supplies scattered around and trampled
upon, stacks of raw materials sabotaged,
and decapitated heads tossed in the air.
He saw the most traumatic thing of all,
though. As he passed one of the
nurseries,
moving along a passageway full of
scrapping soldiers, cadaavvers littering
the floor, Keith peered into a nursery
chamber and saw a cluster of infants
screaming and wailing on the mattresses.
Their caretakers were absent, massacred
outside, and they had been left to fend
for themselves.
As Keith was considering running to
their aid, an invading female soldier
ran into the nursery and picked one of
the babies up, holding it tightly in her
blood soaked hands. "No!" croked Keith
from around the door frame. "No, don't."
Holding the baby up in front of her, the
woman opened her mouth and took a bite
out of its thigh as though it were a
piece of poultry.
Keith covered his eyes and turned away.
He had seen enough. He took off as the
woman munched away at the raw flesh,
warm blood trickling down her jaw.
Where's the exit? Where's the [__]
exit?
The factory had been reduced to an
obstacle course of bones and blood, but
Keith managed to get himself outside
unscathed. The fresh air was a shock to
his lungs, and for a good few minutes,
all he could do was stand there amongst
the overgrown grass, drawing in deep
breaths. The invading army was winning.
There was no doubt about it. And this
was confirmed when a fresh bout of
screams and yells echoed out from the
factory behind Keith, followed by a
marching procession of soldiers. With an
air of triumph, a group of naked female
soldiers emerged from the entrance doors
of the factory, holding a huge heap at
top their shoulders. Watching on from a
short distance away, Keith could see
that the heap was one of the queens. Her
body was heavy enough to flatten a
single soldier, but collectively they
managed to carry her outside. Slash
marks covered the queen's body like a
network of scarlet tattoos, and she was
clearly dead. Once the procession had
reached a sizable distance away from the
factory, the soldiers scattered out from
underneath the bulky, flabby corpse, and
it thundered down to the ground in a wet
heap. The same spectacle took place two
more times as the other defeated queens
were brought out of the nest and dumped
on the grass. Looking over at the
slumped heaps resembling a trio of
beached whales, the first thought that
popped into Keith's head was, "That's
tragic, but at least I don't have to
worry about child maintenance anymore."
Keith was now definitely ready to leave,
but the grassy slope leading to the
security fence was blocked by a steady
trickle of soldiers marching down.
Visible under the chalky glare of the
moon, Keith watched them all as they
clambored over the fence, which had now
fallen on its side and made their way to
their new home. It was Keith's intention
to wait and let them all pass. And as he
did so, he noticed some kind of struggle
at the top of the slope.
The new queen,
supported by dozens of upheld palms,
guided along like a piece of sacrosanked
treasure, the new heir to the factory
throne made her grand entrance. She was
easily as large as the ousted queens,
maybe even larger, and a smug expression
was spread across her round face as she
entered the main doors of the factory.
A short while later, once she was out of
sight, the trickle of soldiers
descending the slope thinned out and
Keith made his grand getaway.
Terrain tends to look different on a
return journey, and for this reason,
Keith made a few wrong turns as he
staggered around in search of the body
bridge. He eventually found it, though,
and prepared himself to cross back over
it. The bridge looked more worn and
flimsy than it had earlier, and Keith
put this down to the large amount of
foot traffic that had passed over it.
Blood now dripped from the deck of the
bridge into the river below, leaking
from the multitude of soggy, mushed
bodies. As Keith took tentative steps
across the bridge, his footsteps caused
loud squaltching sounds and gristles
stuck between his toes. The human links
in the bridge were no longer moaning and
groaning, and Keith reckoned that all of
the people were now dead, their limbs
and torsos held in place by rigor
mortise alone. Reaching the other side
of the ravine was a relief, but Keith
didn't hang around. Pelting back the way
he had come, ignoring the stones and
grit cutting into his bare feet, he made
his way to the road. The lorry was still
there, parked exactly where he had left
it, headlights beaming away.
How long have I been gone? Keith didn't
know the answer to this question. It
felt like an eternity, though. Looking
around, he could see that the
obstruction in the road was now gone,
and nobody tried to stop him as he
opened the driver's door of the cab and
climbed in. The keys were still in the
ignition and he switched on the
dashboard computer and pressed a few
buttons on the micro release. The microe
displayed a message from the transport
office. What's your ETA?
Instead of typing out a reply, Keith
called the transport office directly.
After a few rings, Reggie's voice
crackled from the door speakers. Keith,
what's going on? Keith opened his mouth
to reply, but then stopped. sitting
there in the driver's seat, naked,
scratched, bruised, covered in dirt and
blood, his feet torn to ribbons, and his
wrists covered in welts. It was a job in
itself for him to simply hold on to the
remaining scraps of his sanity, let
alone form a coherent sentence.
Keith closed his eyes, took a deep
breath, and then opened them again.
Rege, you're not going to believe this.
You've just heard The Colony by James
Flynn.
James Flynn grew up in England. His
stories cross the boundaries of horror,
sci-fi, and sci-fi horror. An absurdist
at heart, Flynn's tales tend to
highlight the many paradoxes and
predicaments that come attached to human
existence. Flynn's work has been
featured in several magazines and
podcasts, most notably Black Petals
magazine, Yellow Mama magazine, The
Scare Room Podcast, and Weird Mask
Magazine. When he's not writing, James
Flynn can sometimes be found rumaging
through shelves in secondhand bookstores
or wandering aimlessly through the
streets of the secret city in which he
now lives.
[Music]
I mean, I [__] told you, right? We
feature some deliciously depraved
material on this show, folks. But I
don't think we've had a story before
that combines such a high degree of
squalor, filth, sexual depravity, and
cannibalistic infanticide. Even our
first story, which stems from family
love and support, ends with one kid
killing another. Do we do we win a a
t-shirt or something? Do I get put on a
watch list?
Well, if I get put on any sort of list,
I'm bringing NM Brown and James Flynn
with me. After all, we have them to
thank for tonight's entertainment. I'm
just operating in more of a mouth of
Sauron sort of role here. But still, I'm
sure we'll all be happy in whatever
secluded cell they put us in.
Regardless, I'm sure I'll be out next
week to spread more sinister stories
across the airwaves, and I hope that
you'll be there to listen. In the
meantime, if you can donate to the cause
at helpilling.org,
that'll help us keep things running
smoothly. Until next time, folks, stay
spooky.
You've been listening to the Horror Hill
podcast, a production of Chilling
Entertainment and the creative team at
Chilling Tales for Dark Knights.
Tonight's episode was hosted, narrated,
scored, and finalized by yours truly,
Eric Peabody. Additional music by Nikki
Murley. Got a terrifying tale of your
own that you'd like performed? Email it
to us at
submissions@simplyscarypodcast.com
to have your work considered for future
production. Note that any writing
utilizing artificial intelligence is
ineligible. If you enjoyed tonight's
episode, why not help us spread our dark
presence online? You can follow Chilling
Tales for Dark Knights on social media
and upvote, subscribe, and hit the bell
notification icon if you're listening to
this on YouTube. It helps us out a lot
and also keeps you up to date on new
episodes. If you'd like access to
uninterrupted horror free of ads and
these annoying bookend segments, might I
recommend signing up to be a patron?
You'll get access to hundreds of
episodes of this show, as well as
everything from the other programs and
the chilling tales for Dark Knights
Cabal. That means all of Scary Stories
told in the dark, Drew Blood's dark
tales, and more. It's a veritable
smorgus board of horrific delights. Head
to chillingtales for darknights.com to
get started. If you're looking for
someone to narrate or handle audio
production for your own personal
project, I just so happen to know a guy.
Email me at ericpbody voice@gmail.com.
That's e r i k p e a b o d y v o i c and
we can talk details. If darkness is what
you're after, listener, your search is
over. Yet let it be known, you haven't
found the darkness. The darkness has
found you.
[Music]
Chilling tales for dark knights.